Components are the foundation for modular
development.
They allow us to separate our code into easy
to manage chunks based on features and uses.
Components descend from other components in
a tree-like manner.
This AppComponent represents the root Component
in our tree structure – so that all future
components will become a descendent.
For example we could have a navigation component,
a sidebar component and a posts component.
Then inside any one of these we can nest other
feature related components.
In this example we could nest sidebar related
component feature to create widgets and a
calendar.
Then if we wanted to, we could easily re-use
our widget and calendar components in other
views.
And this is what our folder structure would
look like for this contrived app, with the
widgets and calendar folders located inside
of the sidebar folder.
The beauty of this modular development style
is that each one of these components represent
features that we can easily isolate, test
and reuse.
This creates DRY components in which we’re
not repeating our code.
Additionally, we don’t have to worry about
any side effects occuring in other parts of
our application since our code is contained
in its own isolated module.